# Core principles:
 - one task per container
 - composable containers
 - ephemerality

# Problems where Docker is well-suited
 - web servers
 - daemons
 - short lived tasks

# When you (maybe) should not use Docker
 - Docker has a large learning overhead
   - when compared to doing nothing
 - Docker through a VM can be painful (mac/windows)
 - supporting less technical users
 - Docker is not security
 - GUI applications












## my notes

### Philosophy
 - one purpose for containers
   - some say one process, others say one reason; I don't actually care.
 - by sticking to one purpose, you can achieve composability;
   - containers may be composed to accomplish some functionality
 - Containers should be ephemeral.
   - You should design containers to not care where they run
   - and to not store data in the container
   - when a container dies, it loses its file system
 - using volumes, you can have ephemeral containers with persistent data.

### well suited
 - Docker can run almost any process that runs on linux
 - it is mainly for cli type applications
 - can be used for gui applications with some additional effort
 - if you can't find a way to shove it in a container, you aren't trying hard enough.

### Less than good
 - docker takes time to learn.  maybe the benefits for you don't outweigh this cost
 - on windows and mac, docker is run through a virtual machine.
   - there are some known issues with docker in a VM
   - in some use cases, docker in a VM can have significant overhead
   - the extra layer of abstraction can cause headaches
 - gui applications
   - You can run gui apps in docker.  I do.
   - That doesn't mean it's a good idea.
 - some people just want to drop files on sftp.
