# Bad parts of docker

 - hub.docker.com got hacked a couple weeks ago

 - backwards compatability
   - Good news is don't worry
   - Bad news is there is none
   - or it's janky
 - invisibility inside container (vuln scanning, patching, etc)
 - throw out traditional tools
 - immutability means no patching
   - rebuild/replace only
 - when bind mounting, you can mess up files on host
   - bad ownership
   - deleting them entirely
 - when bind mounting, you still need to worry about permissions
 - container escapes are still possible
 - get ready to learn a lot of linux (is that really a bad thing?)
 - Did you notice how we just ignore huge parts of it?
   - seriously who uses swarm in production?
 - secrets
   - not supported unless you're on swarm
 - Docker on rhel..  is that a thing?
 - Do you even file system?
   - butter is better
   - aufs
   - overlay
   - overlay2
   - zfs
 - kernel minimums
 - oh god the flame wars
     - https://thehftguy.com/2017/02/23/docker-in-production-an-update/
     - docker 1.5 on ubuntu 16.04 stable for like 3 years straight
 - rebuild servers constantly
 - even stable, you're still bleeding edge.  Get ready to date check everything you read
 - engine runs as root
   - oh exploitable


## DEMO TIME!!!


## My notes
You know how sometimes you get rushed on a project and you have to cut corners? then people demand new features but you can't take time to rewrite?
And it's in use, so you can't go back and change it?

Also, it's your company's enterprise solution?  yah, that's docker
